[DOC] Fix the cache name and add vendor prefix (#1981)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/CachingFramework/Developer/Index.rst

    services:
      Vendor\SomeExtension\MyClass:
        arguments:
          $cache: '@cache.myext_mycache'

> Here `@cache.my_cache` refers to the cache service we defined above. This setup allows you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here `@cache.myext_mycache` refers to the cache service we defined above. This setup allows you
```
